
"Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things." --Vice President
Al Gore, 11/30/96

%

If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for
the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams

%

There are certain things men must do to remain men.
		-- Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4929.4

%

"As many of you know, I was very instrumental in the founding of the
Internet" --Al Gore to Katie Couric, 3/99

%

Congratulations!  You have purchased an extremely fine device that would
give you thousands of years of trouble-free service, except that you
undoubtably will destroy it via some typical bonehead consumer maneuver.
Which is why we ask you to PLEASE FOR GOD'S SAKE READ THIS OWNER'S MANUAL
CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU UNPACK THE DEVICE.  YOU ALREADY UNPACKED IT, DIDN'T
YOU?  YOU UNPACKED IT AND PLUGGED IT IN AND TURNED IT ON AND FIDDLED WITH
THE KNOBS, AND NOW YOUR CHILD, THE SAME CHILD WHO ONCE SHOVED A POLISH
SAUSAGE INTO YOUR VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER AND SET IT ON "FAST FORWARD", THIS
CHILD ALSO IS FIDDLING WITH THE KNOBS, RIGHT?  AND YOU'RE JUST NOW STARTING
TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS, RIGHT???  WE MIGHT AS WELL JUST BREAK THESE
DEVICES RIGHT AT THE FACTORY BEFORE WE SHIP THEM OUT, YOU KNOW THAT?
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"

%

Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.

%

Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
	[Who guards the Guardians?]

%

The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later
you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller

%

In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller

%

-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well
	advised to refrain from catapulting projectiles.

%

"Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode."
-- Garry Peterson, about Survival Research Labs

%

I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[110.13]:
       "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not
        to interfere with oncoming traffic."

[22.17b]:
       "Learning to change lanes takes time and patience.  The best
        recommendation that can be made is to go to a Celtics [basketball]
        game; study the fast break and then go out and practice it
        on the highway."

[41.16]:
       "Never bump a baby carriage out of a crosswalk unless the kid's really
        asking for it."

%

Make it right before you make it faster.

%

"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty,
and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a
scientist.  This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
		-- Matt Cartmill

%

You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly -- only sooner than she thought you would.

%

A girl and a boy bump into each other -- surely an accident.
A girl and a boy bump and her handkerchief drops -- surely another accident.
But when a girl gives a boy a dead squid -- *that had to mean something*.
		-- S. Morganstern, "The Silent Gondoliers"

%

We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition

%

In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain

%

In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between
frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they
are all merely transforms of one another.  This combined with
minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct
compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can
lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.  However,
this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.

%

There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to
make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
		-- C.A.R. Hoare

%

The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!

%

NOTE: No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given. All
software is supplied as is, without guarantee.  The user assumes all
responsibility for damages resulting from the use of these features,
including, but not limited to, frustration, disgust, system abends, disk
head-crashes, general malfeasance, floods, fires, shark attack, nerve
gas, locust infestation, cyclones, hurricanes, tsunamis, local
electromagnetic disruptions, hydraulic brake system failure, invasion,
hashing collisions, normal wear and tear of friction surfaces, comic
radiation, inadvertent destruction of sensitive electronic components,
windstorms, the Riders of Nazgul, infuriated chickens, malfunctioning
mechanical or electrical sexual devices, premature activation of the
distant early warning system, peasant uprisings, halitosis, artillery
bombardment, explosions, cave-ins, and/or frogs falling from the sky.

%

	We don't claim Interactive EasyFlow is good for anything -- if you
think it is, great, but it's up to you to decide.  If Interactive EasyFlow
doesn't work: tough.  If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow
messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.  If you don't like this
disclaimer: tough.  We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided
by law, up to and including nothing.
	This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
	We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our
lawyers insisted.  We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the
attack shark at which point we relented.
		-- Haven Tree Software Limited, "Interactive EasyFlow"

%

The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going in a
	direction you did not want.   (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long way.)
		-- Dan Roddick

%

Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive,
because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows
from that! Har har har!"
(Andy Bates in comp.os.linux.misc, on "intuitive interfaces", slightly
defending Macs.)

%

"It's amazing how many drivers, even at the Formula One level, think that
the brakes are for slowing the car down."
	-- Mario Andretti

%

Default! Woo Hoo!!  The two sweetest words in the English language!
	- Homer Simpson

%

"We can't be so fixated on our desire to preserve the rights of ordinary
Americans" - Bill Clinton

%

"Ronald McDonald is a scary, scary clown" -PETA online

%

"I've heard Eric Clapner, ... I think it was a wonderful thing that Eric
Clapner the musician did...So I think that's the wonderful part about it,
but listen -  I like Eric Clapner!" - Joycelyn Elders

%

"This election is about who's going to be the next President of the
United States!" -- Dan Quayle

%

"My fellow Americans. I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever.
We begin bombing in five minutes." --President Reagan, before a scheduled
radio broadcast, unaware that the mike was already on

%

"If combat means living in a ditch, females have biological problems
staying in a ditch for thirty days because they get infections and they
don't have upper body strength. I mean, some do, but they're relatively
rare. On the other hand, men are basically little piglets, you drop them
in the ditch, they roll around in it, doesn't matter, you know. These
things are very real.
    On the other hand, if combat means being on an Aegis-class cruiser
managing the computer controls for twelve ships and their rockets, a
female may be again dramatically better than a male who gets very, very
frustrated sitting in a chair all the time because males are
biologically driven to go out and hunt giraffes." 
					-- Newt Gingrich

%

Do not meddle in the affairs of sysadmins, they are quick to
	anger and have no need for subtlety.

%

Do not meddle in the affairs of sysadmins, for they are easy to
annoy and have the root password.

%

	Microsoft: Where do you want to go today? 
	Linux: Where do you want to go tomorrow? 
	BSD: Are you guys coming, or what? 

%

"An even bolder technology still in the planning stages involves a
plug-in computer peripheral featuring rows of metal coils which heat
up when activated. Once this device is perfected, computer users
will actually be able to convert bread into toast.
The future is now." 

%

   I don't need to compromise my principles, because they don't have the
slightest bearing on what happens to me anyway.	  -- Calvin

%

   Sometimes one should just look at things and think about things without
doing things.	  -- Calvin

%

   Thank you. before I begin, I'd like everyone to notice that my report is in
a professional, clear plastic binder...When a report looks this good, you know
it'll get an A. That's a tip kids. Write it down.	  -- Calvin

%

   The purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure pure reasoning, and
inhibit clarity. With a little practice, writing can be an intimidating and
impenetrable fog!  -- Calvin

%

   Hobbes : Shouldn't we read the instructions?  
   Calvin : Do I look like a sissy?

%

   If something is so complicated that you can't explain it in 10 seconds, then
it's probably not worth knowing anyway.  -- Calvin

%

   From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way.
		  -- Calvin

%

   Given that sooner or later we're all just going to die, what's the point of
learning about integers?	  -- Calvin

%

   This one's tricky. You have to use imaginary numbers, like eleventeen ...
		  -- Hobbes

%

   "Mom and dad say I should make my life an example of the principles I
   believe in. But every time I do, they tell me to stop it."
	      --- Calvin

%

   I'm just very selective about the reality I choose to accept.
	      --- Calvin

%

"Against stupidity the very gods themselves contend in vain."
  -- Johann Christian Friedrich von Schiller [1759-1805]
     "The Maid of Orleans", Act III, Scene 6

%

"Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the
 individual who can labor in freedom."
 -- Albert Einstein

%

      "If not stopped, the 21 million-plus and growing (Napster & Gnutella) 
community could usher in a cultural apocalypse that threatens to plunge the 
world into darkness not seen since the turn of the last millennium."
      Richard Parsons, President, Time Warner

%

	We could all save energy if we all just stop existing so hard.
		- TafkatBC on IRC

%

Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."

%

You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.

%

"I never let my schooling get in the way of my education."
-- Mark Twain

%

A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?

%

BSD is for people who love UNIX; Linux is for people who hate Windows.

%

	As long as there's, you know, sex and drugs, I can do without
the rock and roll.
		-- Mick Schrimpton, This is Spinal Tap

%

	"You don't have conversations with microprocessors.  You tell them
	 what to do, then helplessly watch the disaster when they take
	 you literally."

		-- Sah'ot in David Brin's "Startide Rising"

%

	"(there's) such a fine line between stupid...and clever"
		-- David St. Hubbins, "This is Spinal Tap"

%

	"I think life should be more like TV.  I think all of life's
	 problems ought to be solved in 30 minutes with simple homilies,
	 don't you?  I think weight and oral hygiene ought to be our
	 biggest concerns.  I think we should all have powerful, high-
	 paying jobs, and everyone should drive fancy sports cars.
	 All our desires should be instantly gratified.  Women should
	 always wear tight clothes, and men should carry powerful
	 handguns.  Life overall should be more glamorous, thrill-
	 packed, and filled with applause, don't you think?"

%

	"Then did he raise on high the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch,
	 saying "Bless this, Oh Lord, that with it thou mayst blow thine
	 enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy."  And the people did rejoice
	 and did feast upon the lambs and toads and tree-sloths and
	 fruit-bats and orangutans and breakfast cereals ... Now did
	 the Lord say, "First thou pullest the Holy Pin.  Then thou
	 must count to three.  Three shall be the number of the counting
	 and the number of the counting shall be three.  Four shalt thou
	 not count, neither shalt thou count two, excepting that thou
	 then proceedeth to three.  Five is right out.  Once the number
	 three, being the number of the couting, be reached, then lobbest
	 thou the Holy Hand Grenade in the direction of thine foe, who,
	 being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it."
		-- Brother Maynard from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"

%

	Nigel: "The numbers all go to eleven.  Look, right across the
		board, eleven, eleven, eleven and -"
	Marty: "Oh, I see.  And most amps go up to ten?"
	Nigel: "Exactly."
	Marty: "Does that mean it's louder?  Is it any louder?"
	Nigel: "Well, it's one louder, isn't it?  It's not ten.  You see,
		most blokes, you know, will be playing at ten.  You're on
		ten here, all the way up, all the way up, all the way up,
		you're on ten on your guitar.  Where can you go from there?
		Where?"
	Marty: "I don't know."
	Nigel: "Nowhere.  Exactly.  What we do is, if we need that extra
		push over the cliff, you know what we do?"
	Marty: "Put it up to eleven."
	Nigel: "Eleven.  Exactly.  One louder."
	Marty:	"Why don't you just make ten louder and make ten be 
		the top... number...  and make that a little louder?"
	Nigel:	[Pause] "These go to eleven."

		-- Nigel Tufnel and Marty DiBergi from
		   "This is Spinal Tap"

%

	"Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, a dark side,
	 and it holds the universe together."

		-- attributed to Carl Zwanzig

%

	"He who hasn't hacked assembly language as a youth has no heart.
	 He who voluntarily continues to do so as an adult has little
	 sense."

		-- attributed to John Moore

%

	"One of the comforting things about racing is that the clock
	 doesn't lie.  You either rule or you suck - end of story."

		-- Lisa Kosglow

%

	"What is a committee?  A group of the unwilling, picked from the
	 unfit, to do the unnecessary."

		-- Richard Harkness, from the New York Times, 1960

%

Wanna know what a real criminal is, Ackerman?  It's the son of a
bitch that painted this car, that's who.  Yea, that's what a real
criminal is.
Can you imagine defacing a work of art like this with a color like
that?  Guy oughta have his ass removed.

-- Clint Eastwood as Nick Pulovski in "The Rookie"

%

	"God's the ultimate playa, so naturally He's going to have some
haters," rapper Ice Cube said. "But these haters need to realize that
if you mess with the man upstairs, you will get your ass smote.
True dat."

	-- The Onion, 5 September 2001

%

# Uncomment this is you're unlucky enough to run Irix
#
#IRIX=-DIRIX_IS_CRAP
		-- Taken from src/Makefile.dist, listar 0.129a

%

	I am in the process of preparing a personal injury lawsuit
against Microsoft.

	A few weeks ago, I happened to see their advertisement promising
"99.999% uptime". The subsequent expulsion of my carbonated beverage
through my nose injured my delicate nasal passages and frightened my cat.
	-- ktakki (slashdot.org, 11/01/2002)

%

Windows 9x: n. 32 bit extensions and a graphical shell for a 16 bit
patch to an 8 bit operating system originally coded for a 4 bit
microprocessor, written by a 2 bit company that can't stand 1 bit
of competition.

%

I think the day is quickly approaching when the OS 9 will become like
vinyl records and cassette tapes -- relics fondly remembered as the
breakthrough products of their day. And to this old veteran, that's a
happy ending -- and a good beginning.
	-- Charles Haddad, BusinessWeek online

%

... Your book is a pudding stuffed with apposite observations. Like
excrement, it contains enough indigested nuggets of nutrition to
sustain life for some...
   
-- Dennis Ritchie    

%
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
%

    Of course, there is no formula for success except, perhaps,
an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.

	-- Arthur Rubinstein (1887-1982)

%

"OS X is like Linux, only with Q/A [Quality Assurance] and taste!"
	-- James Gosling

%

"I see that I've brushed my teeth with 'Preparation H'." -- Opus

%

<cayuse> you don't even have a mac.com anything, so your ability to evaluatet
	 he usefulleness or lack thereof is highly suspect

%

<kutenai> Windows XP really rocks.
<kutenai> The best windows yet.
<tindrum> yea, and McD's has the best McNuggets ever!
<tindrum> Now with Flavor!
<tindrum> (*Flavor claim based on usage of dipping sauce, not included with
	  basic order, according to RL Polk survey of foods prefixed by "Mc",
          when served to toddlers 4 years or younger, not available in Alaska
          and Hawaii)

%

FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:        #17

Shoes:
         The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.
 
Making friends:
         A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
        A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."

%

Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
        The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
        The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
        The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."

%

        The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff:
"You claim," he jeered, "that my client came at you with a broken bottle
in his hand.  But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?"
        "Yes," the man admitted, "his wife. Very charming, of course,
but not much good in a fight."

%

You are a taxi driver.  Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in
use for only seven years.  One of its windshield wipers is broken, and
the carburetor needs adjusting.  The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the
moment is only three-quarters full.  How old is the taxi driver?"

%

When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.  I
have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with
slightly over half that quantity of beer.
                -- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"

%

<vtrtl> i swear to Jeebuz I would fucking have a field day in a MS board
        meeting with an MP5

%

Roses are red
Violets are blue
That's what they say
But it just isn't true
Roses are red
And apples are, too
But violets are violet
Violets aren't blue
An orange is orange
But Greenland's not green
A pinky's not pink
So what does it mean?
To call something blue when it's not
We defile it
But, ah, what the heck
It's hard to rhyme violet.

%

Multiple choice:
Stephen Hawking is:
	A. a lousy writer.

%

"You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth
without it."
	- Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)

%

"If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first
create the universe."
- Carl Sagan

%

"A witty saying proves nothing."
- Voltaire (1694-1778)

%

"When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think
about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution
is not beautiful, I know it is wrong."
	- Buckminster Fuller (1895-1983) 

%

"In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by
everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the
exact opposite."
	- Paul Dirac (1902-1984) 

%

"Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits
is, of course, in a state of sin."
	- John von Neumann (1903-1957)

%

"If you were plowing a field, which would you rather use? Two strong oxen
or 1024 chickens?"
	- Seymour Cray (1925-1996)

%

Requiem for a Lamb

Mary had a little lamb
With mint jelly.
Thank you.
	-- Dot Warner (Animaniacs)

%

"An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure
is an inconvenience rightly considered."
- Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)

%

Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
	-- Donald Knuth

%

        Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player
        That struts and frets his hour upon the stage
        And then is heard no more: it is a tale
        Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
        Signifying nothing.
		-- Shakespeare (Macbeth, Act V Scene 5)

%

Write-Protect Tab, n.:
        A small sticker created to cover the unsightly notch carelessly
        left by disk manufacturers.  The use of the tab creates an error
        message once in a while, but its aesthetic value far outweighs the
        momentary inconvenience.
                -- Robb Russon

%

I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
                -- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"

%

When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
                -- George Bernard Shaw

%

If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to
get the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.
See in college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving
the natural method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting
that you shall learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The
college, which should be a place of delightful labor, is made odious
and unhealthy, and the young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to
rally their jaded spirits.  I would have the studies elective.
Scholarship is to be created not by compulsion, but by awakening a pure
interest in knowledge.  The wise instructor accomplishes this by
opening to his pupils precisely the attractions the study has for
himself.  The marking is a system for schools, not for the college; for
boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to put on a professor.
                -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

%

Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait.
They never meet.

%

It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more
glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through
which we look, which morally we can do.  To affect the quality of the
day, that is the highest of arts.
                -- Henry David Thoreau, "Where I Live"

%

Never drink Coke in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations.  People tend to
change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually
fly in the window.  Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators
have windows.

%

I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
                -- Dave Barry

%

Pisces Feb.19-Mar.20 
   You have a vivid imagination and often think
   you are being followed by the CIA or FBI.  You have minor
   influence over your associates, and people resent you for
   flaunting your power.  You lack confidence and are generally a
   coward.  Pisces people do terrible things to small animals.

%

Not that everything is worth remembering, obviously. For example, sitting
next to me is one of the notes I wrote in the middle of the night last
week, which says "Jim Bo". I had woken up with a sudden desire to make an
exercise video (this is unusual, for me). I would invent a new martial art
and exercise program called "Jim Bo", in which people learn how to defend
themselves without spilling their beer. Picture a group of people going
through slow-motion kicks and punches while holding a glass of microbrew.
Later, in the harsh cold light of morning, I realized that I'd probably
never be able to get the obvious spokesman (James Belushi) involved, and
that even if everything else went well, I'd run the risk of having to
appear on a talk show with Richard Simmons. Some things are just too
scary to contemplate.

%

Love will find you, soon enough. It's kind of like noticing
your foot is on fire - you'll know it when it happens.

%

I'm talking about death, and you've never experienced that - and you cannot
act it.  You die a thousand casual deaths, with none of that intensity which
squeezes out life . . . and no blood runs cold anywhere, because even as you
"die" you know that you will come back in a different hat.  But no one gets
up after death.  There is no applause.  There is only silence and some second-
hand clothes, and _that's_ death.
    -- Guildenstern (Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead)

%

Pillage BEFORE you burn...

%

If you wish to glimpse inside a human soul and get to know a man, don't
bother analyzing his ways of being silent, of talking, of weeping, or 
seeing how much he is moved by noble ideas; you'll get better results 
if you just watch him laugh. If he laughs well, he's a good man.
        -- Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky

%

Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is 
why several of us died of tuberculosis.
        -- Jack Handey

%

    How it is possible to imagine that a religion breathing the spirit of
mercy and benevolence, teaching the forgiveness of injuries, the exercise 
of charity, and the return of good for evil, can be so perverted as to 
breathe the spirit of slaughter and persecution, of discord and vengeance, 
for differences of opinion, is a most unaccountable and extraordinary 
phenomenon. Still more extraordinary, that it should be the doctrine, 
not of base and wicked men merely seeking to cover up their own misdeeds, 
but of good men, seeking the way of salvation with uprightness of heart 
and purpose. It affords a melancholy proof of the infirmity of human 
judgment, and teaches a lesson of humility from which spiritual pride 
may learn meekness, and spiritual zeal a moderating wisdom.
        -- Joseph Story

%

The most important moral of all is that excellence is where you find 
it. I would extend this generalization to cover not just higher 
education but all education from vocational high school to graduate 
school. We must learn to honor excellence, indeed to demand it in every 
socially accepted human activity, however humble that activity, and to 
scorn shoddiness, however exalted the activity. An excellent plumber is 
infinitely more admirable than an incompetent philosopher. The society 
which scorns excellence in plumbing because plumbing is a humble 
activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because philosophy is 
an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good 
philosophy. Neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
        -- John William GGardner

%

It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, 
but I couldn't give it up because by then I was too famous.
        -- Robert Charles Benchley

%

The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

Once you can accept the universe as being something expanding into 
an infinite nothing which is something, wearing stripes with plaid 
is easy.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

I believe in the brotherhood of man and the uniqueness of the individual. 
But if you ask me to prove what I believe, I can't. You know them to be 
true but you could spend a whole lifetime without being able to prove them.     
The mind can proceed only so far upon what it knows and can prove. There 
comes a point where the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge, but can 
never prove how it got there. All great discoveries have involved such a 
leap.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent.   
It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite 
direction.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has 
merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

The height of stupidity is most clearly demonstrated by the individual 
who ridicules something he knows nothing about.
        -- Albert Einstein

%

Hang in there, retirement is only thirty years away!

%

"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too
dark to read."
	-- Groucho Marx

%

"Every town has the same two malls: the one white people go to and the
one white people used to go to."
	-- Chris Rock

%

"I was going to thrash them within an inch of their lives, but I didn't
have a tape measure."
	-- Groucho Marx

%

"Well, art is art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water! 
And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew 
them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. 
Now, uh... Now you tell me what you know."
        -- Groucho Marx

%

"The wise man questions the wisdom of others because he questions his own, 
the foolish man, because it is different from his own."
        -- Leo Stein

%

"From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I convulsed 
with laughter. Someday I intend reading it."
        -- Groucho Marx

%

"It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking 
ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them."
        -- Agatha Christie

%

"Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not
giving the kiss the attention it deserves."
	--Albert Einstein

%

I am neither for nor against apathy.

%

If voting could really change things it would be illegal.

%

"Ninety per-cent of what we worry about never happens, yet we worry 
and worry. What a horrible way to go through life! What a horrible 
thing to do to your colon!"
        -- Leo Buscaglia

%

"When you are thirsty, it's too late to dig a well." (Japanese Proverb.)

%

My favorite animal is steak.
	-- Fran Lebowitz

%

When I go to a restaurant I always ask the manager, "Give me a table near
a waiter."
	-- Henny Youngman

%

I find television very educational. Every time someone turns on the set,
I go into the other room and read a book.
	-- Groucho Marx

%

Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.
	-- Dave Barry

%

What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?

Judging from realistic simulations involving a sledgehammer and a
common laboratory frog, we can assume it will be pretty bad.
	-- Dave Barry

%

EARTH FIRST! We'll strip-mine the other planets later.

%

Alcohol and calculus don't mix. Never drink and derive.

%

A little girl asked her Mom, "Mom, may I take the dog for a walk around
the block?"  Mom replied, "No, because she is in heat."  "What does that
mean?" asked the child.  "Go ask your father. I think he's in the garage."
The little girl went to the garage and asked, "Dad, may I take Belle for
a walk around the block?  I asked Mom, but she said the dog was in heat,
and to come ask you."

Dad said, "Bring Belle over here." He took a rag, soaked it with gasoline,
and scrubbed the dog's backside with it to disguise the scent, and said
"OK, you can go now, but keep Belle on the leash and only go one time round
the block."  The little girl left and returned a few minutes later with no 
dog on the leash.  Surprised, Dad asked, "Where's Belle?"  The little girl
said, "She ran out of gas about halfway down the block, so another dog is
pushing her home."

%

The only way the problem can be solved - First, the White man and the
Black man have to be able to sit down at the same table. The White man
has to feel free to speak his mind without hurting the feelings of
that negro. And the so-called negro has to feel free to speak his mind
without hurting the feelings of the White man.  Then they can bring
the issues that are under the rug out on top of the table and take an
intelligent approach to get the problem solved.
	-- Malcolm X

%

<cayuse> in other news
<cayuse> the deputy from whom the alledged perpatrator took the gun was
          described as being penisly chalenged
<cayuse> i know women are equal and everything.
<cayuse> in every way.
<cayuse> except when fighting with a giant black guy over their own personal
          firearm.

%

Anonymous-san: okay so there's these two strings, right
Anonymous-san: They walk into a bar
Anonymous-san: The first string says
Anonymous-san: Hello, I'd like a rum and cokerhe7954454gh2kjn.,.43>>[][]21?24
Anonymous-san: The second string says
Anonymous-san: You'll have to excuse my friend, he's not null-terminated

%

<cayuse> dude
<cayuse> if you were to charachtarize me as someone who dosn't give a shit,
          you'd be "in the right direction"
<cayuse> at least for today

%

A Chinese story, kind of a Taoistic story about a farmer. One day, his
horse ran away, and all the neighbors gathered in the evening and said
'that's too bad.' He said 'maybe.' Next day, the horse came back and
brought with it seven wild horses. 'Wow!' they said, 'Aren't you lucky!'
He said 'maybe.' He next day, his son grappled with one of these wild
horses and tried to break it in, and he got thrown and broke his leg.
And all the neighbors said 'oh, that's too bad that your son broke his
leg.' He said, 'maybe.' The next day, the conscription officers came
around, gathering young men for the army, and they rejected his son
because he had a broken leg. And the visitors all came around and said
'Isn't that great! Your son got out.' He said, 'maybe.'

%

This is a bit of the continent, sticking out into the warmer sea to the
south-east. Most of its inhabitants call it Florida.

Actually, they don't. Most of its inhabitants don't call it anything.
They don't even know it exists. Most of them have six legs, and buzz. A
lot of them have eight legs and spend a lot of time in webs waiting for
six-legged inhabitants to arrive for lunch. Many of the rest have four
legs, and bark or moo or even lie in swamps pretending to be logs. In
fact, only a tiny proportion of the inhabitants of Florida have two
legs, and even most of them don't call it Florida. They just go tweet,
and fly around a lot.

Mathematically, an almost insignificant amount of living things in
Florida call it Florida. But they're the ones who matter. At least, in
their opinion. And their opinion is the one that matters. In their
opinion.
                -- Terry Pratchett

%

The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going to be
when you kill them.
                -- William Clayton

%

<vic> 128kbps is good for music, but for a shower
<vic> it's way more than you need
<Jewass> no way
<Jewass> i need to feel my cleanest
<Jewass> and we have lo-flo shower heads at my house
<Nosnam> Its not a lo-flo shower head. It's a low bandwidth shower head.
<Kurt> golden showers
<Nosnam> golden showers would be AOL
<Nosnam> A dialup shower head is one where you have to stand there for
         10 minutes before the water starts coming out
<Nosnam> I use a cisco router with my shower. It's load distribution
         sprays my entire body at once
<Nosnam> I forgot to enable WEP encryption on my 802.11G shower... I was
         showering, and my neighbor joined me
<Chamuyo> I remember back in my time when you had to order your water and
          it got delivered in paper envelopes with stamps glued on them
<vic> that's taking it to far

%

"I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics."
		-- Richard P. Feynman

%

	"Forgive me father, I did an original sin... I poked a badger
with a spoon."
		-- Eddie Izzard

%

    "The Lisp community suffers from a severe case of "underdogness"
which manifests itself as acute short-sightedness, persistent bitterness
and ravaging delusion, which I also like to refer to as the "Luke
Skywalker syndrome", where you feel you are part of the resistance
against a bigger and ruthless power (I once suffered from this syndrome
when I was the proud -- too proud -- owner of an Amiga)."

%

    "Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to
predict the future is to invent it."
	- Alan Kay

%

I'll never forget the day Rene Descartes died.  We had just finished
enjoying a wonderful dinner, when the waiter asked if we would like
another cup of coffee. Descartes replied 'I think not'.

And then... he just vanished... right before my eyes...

%

Q: But can I write an operating system in a FL [Functional Language]? 
A: Yes, you can. It's actually been done twice. The first one who did it
   is now locked up in a room with padded walls, the second one is still
   alive & kicking. Rumour has it that the latter built a C compiler in 
   a FL and *then* recompiled UNIX sources. The compiler is still working on 
   it, but hasn't given an error message yet, so there's still hope. 

%

"Did you really think that we want those laws to be observed?" said Dr. 
Ferris. "We *want* them broken. You'd better get it straight - that it's 
not a bunch of boy scouts you're up against - then you'll know that this 
is not the age for beautiful gestures. We're after power and we mean it. 
You fellows were pikers, but we know the real trick, and you'd better 
get wise to it. There's no way to rule innocent men. The only power any 
government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there 
aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to 
be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking 
laws. Who wants a nation of law-abiding citizens? What's there in that 
for anyone? But just pass the kind of laws that can neither be observed 
nor enforced nor objectively interpreted - and you create a nation of 
law-breakers - and then you cash in on guilt. Now that's the system, Mr. 
Rearden, that's the game, and once you understand it, you'll be much 
easier to deal with."
        - Ayn Rand

%

"Technology adds nothing to art. Two thousand years ago, I could tell 
you a story, and at any point during the story I could stop, and ask, 
Now do you want the hero to be kidnapped, or not? But that would, of 
course, have ruined the story. Part of the experience of being 
entertained is sitting back and plugging into someone else's vision. The 
fact of the matter is, since the beginning of time, you could buy a 
Picasso and change the colors. That's trivial. But you don't because 
you're buying a piece of Picasso's $&#**^% soul. That's the definition 
of art: Art is one person's ego trip."
        - Penn Jillette

%

    To call war anything less than evil would be self-deception. The 
Christian conscience has throughout history recognized the tragic 
character of war. The issue that tears the Christian conscience is not 
whether war is good, but whether it is in all cases avoidable.
        -- Arthur Holmes

%

    'I didn't do it, you know,' said the duke, quickly. 'He slipped     
and fell. That was it. Slipped and fell. I wasn't even there. He 
attacked me. It was self-defence. That's it. He slipped and fell on his     
own dagger in self-defence.' His voice fell to a mumble. 'I have no 
recollection of it at this time,' he murmured.
        -- Terry Pratchett, "Wyrd Sisters"

%

    "I believe you find life such a problem because you think there are 
the good people and the bad people," said the man. "You're wrong, of 
course. There are, always and only, the bad people, but some of them are 
on opposite sides. "
	-- Terry Pratchett, "Guards! Guards!"

%

This is only common sense, but, as we have said before, in academic
general practice, common sense is as rare as a tourist in Ankh-Morpork.

%

"No, that's not it. No, sir, I know that's not it. Because it's a parrot,
that's why. You've taught it to bark and you've painted "DoG" on the
side of it but it's still a parrot."
	-- Terry Pratchett, "The Truth"

%

The moments that change your life are the ones that happen suddenly, like
the one where you die.
        -- Terry Pratchett, "Moving Pictures"

%

There should be a notice ahead of the movie that says 'This movie is 
PG. Can you read? You are a Parent. Do you understand what Guidance is?
Or are you just another stupid toddler who thinks they're an adult
simply because they've grown older and, unfortunately, have developed
fully-functioning sexual organs? Would you like some committee somewhere
to decide everything for you? Get a damn grip, will you? And shut the
wretched kid up!'

        -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)

%

I once absend-mindedly ordered Three Mile Island dressing in a restaurant and,
with great presence of mind, they brought Thousand Island Dressing and a
bottle of chili sauce.

        -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)

%

Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care.

    -- Terry Pratchett, defending his solution to the Monty Hall problem.
       (alt.fan.pratchett)

%

Age and wisdom don't necessarily go together. Some people just become stupid
with more authority.

    --Terry Pratchett

%

"Who're ye calling 'friend', pal?" roared the figure, trying to pull itself
up. "That's fightin' talk, that is! And I havenae had enough todrink, pal,
'cos if I have, why've I still got all this money, eh? Answer me that!"

        -- Terry Pratchett, "A Hat Full of Sky"

%

No sane mortal is truly free, because true freedom is so terrible that only
the mad or the divine can face it with open eyes.

 -- Terry Pratchett, "A Hat Full of Sky"

%

Any ignorant fool can fail to turn someone else into a frog. You have to be
clever to refrain from doing it when you know how easy it is. There were
places in the world commemorating those times when wizards hadn't been quite
as clever as that, and on many of them the grass would never grow again.

    -- Terry Pratchett, "A Hat Full of Sky"

%

  "How many fingers am I holdin' up?" he said.
  "Five," whispered Miss Level.
  "Am I? Ah, well, ye could be right, ye'd have the knowin' o' the
countin'," said Rob, lowering his hand.

    -- Terry Pratchett, "A Hat Full of Sky"

%

    "I don't want to go home. The first person I see will probably 
complain that his train is five minutes late. I don't know if I'll be 
able to cope with that."
        -Volunteer doctor from MSF in war-broken Armenia 

%

Usenetter Jay Maynard tells the following story: "Once, while hacking on 
a dedicated Z80 system, I was testing code by blowing EPROMs and 
plugging them in the system, then seeing what happened. One time, I 
plugged one in backwards. I only discovered that after I realized that 
Intel didn't put power-on lights under the quartz windows on the tops of 
their EPROMs - the die was glowing white-hot. Amazingly, the EPROM 
worked fine after I erased it, filled it full of zeros, then erased it 
again. For all I know, it's still in service. Of course, this is because 
the magic smoke didn't get let out."

%

Some people are like Slinkies...  Not really good for anything, but they
still bring a smile to your face when you push them down a flight of stairs.

%

"I think this has gone on quite long enough.  You all want to know what I
believe in?  I'll tell you - I believe in real butter on popcorn.  I 
believe in long walks in the rain, sad songs at midnight, boysenberry pie,
total surrender to the communists and long, warm, sloppy kisses."        
                        - Opus

%

The pursuit of complexity is easy, and the implementation of complexity can
safely be delegated to competent managers. But the pursuit of simplicity is
one of the most difficult and challenging activities of the human mind.
Progress is likely to be extremely slow, where each complexity eliminated must
be hailed as a breakthrough. We need not only brilliance of intellect but
breadth of experience, nicety of judgement, excellence of taste, and even more
than our fair share of good luck. And finally we need a puritanical rejection
of the temptations of features and facilities, and a passionate devotion to
the principles of purity, simplicity and elegance.

%

<DmncAtrny> I will write on a huge cement block "BY ACCEPTING THIS BRICK
            THROUGH YOUR WINDOW, YOU ACCEPT IT AS IS AND AGREE TO MY
            DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS WELL AS
            DISCLAIMERS OF ALL LIABILITY, DIRECT, INDIRECT,
            CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL, THAT MAY ARISE FROM THE
            INSTALLATION OF THIS BRICK INTO YOUR BUILDING."
<DmncAtrny> And then hurl it through the window of a Sony officer
<DmncAtrny> and run like hell

%

<BombScare> i beat the internet
<BombScare> the end guy is hard

%

enum Bool 
{ 
    True, 
    False, 
    FileNotFound 
};

%

<dfranke|#haskell> algebra is doomed when we run out of synonyms for "bunch"
                   that haven't already been assigned special meanings.

%

To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and
the affection of children...to leave the world a better place...to know
even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to
have succeeded.

        -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
%

'Delinquent' means 'failing in duty.'  But *duty* is an *adult*
virtue - indeed a juvenile becomes an adult when, and only when,
he acquires a knowledge of duty and embraces it as dearer than
the self-love he was born with.  There never was, there cannot
*be*, a 'juvenile delinquent.'  But for every juvenile criminal
there are always one or more adult delinquents - people of
mature years who either do not know their duty, or who, knowing
it, fail.

        - Robert Heinlein, "Starship Troopers"

%

"Consistently separating words by spaces became a general custom about the tenth
century A.D., and lasted until about 1957, when FORTRAN abandoned the practice."
	-- Sun FORTRAN Reference Manual

%

"The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as to seem
not worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one
will believe it."

        -- Bertrand Russell

%

Fortunately, the Slashdot Hive Mind has a safety shutdown when the story
rolls off the front page.

%

Scientists who do things just because it's cool have probably saved more
lives than scientists who do things because they're trying to save lives.
	-- nbauman, a /. poster

%

We'll know EMACS is complete when it includes VI.

%

    If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our
sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
        
        I John 1:9 (ESV)

%

Last night I played a blank tape at full blast.  The mime next door went nuts.

%

The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
        (1) write down the problem.
        (2) think very hard.
        (3) write down the answer.
                -- Murray Gell-Mann

%

The state that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its
thinking done by cowards, and its fighting by fools. 

		-- Thucydides

%

The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting. It has been
found difficult; and left untried.
	- G. K. Chesterton, "What's Wrong With The World"

%

Excuse me, I have to go and stomp some cute rabbits to death.

%

You probably think Microsoft is a software company that is sometimes
abusive. It's not. It's an abuse company that uses software as a way
of delivering abuse.
	- Anonymous Coward, /.

%

[03:35am|JACook> Dude.  Hollywood's all about stealing from major corporations
[03:36am|JACook> As long as they're not major -Hollywood- corporations

%

"A government big enough to give you everything you want, is strong enough
to take everything you have" 
        -- Thomas Jefferson
%

There are 4 boxes to use in the defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, ammo. Use in that order.

%

... or as we say in Soviet Kanuckistan, "No fucking way, eh!"

%

It is by the juice of the coffee bean that thoughts acquire speed, the
teeth acquire stains.  The stains become a warning. 

%

I've got a piece of circular glass on my desk than can do 1Yflop, but it
can only perform a specific lighting caustics simulation.
	-- vikstar (on /.)

%

There are the quantum field theorists, attempting to bring gravity in to the
regime of quantum mechanics; there are the string theorists, attempting to
bring the rest of reality into the regime of general relativity. But I, as a
physics layman, naively believe that neither of these approaches will end up
being the workhorse of the eventual unified theory. I believe that said
theory will come with a new way of looking at the world, rather than patching
up the old ways. Maybe the expert in me can learn from the layman in me and
try to solve the problem instead of clinging to the solution I think I desire.

    -- Luke Palmer, on the search for a GUT of functional reactivity

%

[07:11pm|troutwine> monochrom: Monads are easier becasue they're underpinned by rigourous
                    logic; culture was created by people who were drunk half the time.

%

It must get lonely weaving your own clothes on a loom of your own design
that you whittled from brushwood with your teeth. 

Use of tools is what was once thought to distinguish humans from the
"lower" animals. Since that time, it's been discovered that even crows
use tools ... and yet you won't?

    -- rfsmit, TheDailyWTF commenter

%

[06:57am|Cale> Everything you can formalise can be treated as a concrete
               concept and worked with as if it was the foundational
               idea, even if its origin is as an abstraction over
               something else.

%

Specifications are like programs - if they're not tested, there's no reason to believe they are right.

%

Java seems to have been designed to strike a careful balance between making
the type system as obstructive as possible while minimizing any actual
guarantees of correctness.
    -- Casey McCann

%

Static-typing is the best of servants but the worst of masters.
    -- Kevin Greer

Skilled software developer exhibit mastery of their tools? :-)
    -- Isaac Gouy (replying)

%

There must be a moral to this story of continual re-discovery;
perhaps someone along the line should have learned to read.
Or someone else learn to write.
    -- Roger Hindley

%

Advocating Object-Oriented Programming is like advocating 
Pants-Oriented Clothing.
    -- Jacob Gabrielson

%

For instance, take the two words "fuming" and "furious." Make up your mind
that you will say both words, but leave it unsettled which you will say
first. Now open your mouth and speak. If your thoughts incline ever so
little towards "fuming," you will say "fuming-furious;" if they turn, by
even a hair's breadth, towards "furious," you will say "furious-fuming;"
but if you have the rarest of gifts, a perfectly balanced mind, you will
say "frumious."
    -- Lewis Carroll

%

Advocating Object-Oriented Programming is like advocating 
Pants-Oriented Clothing.
    -- Jacob Gabrielson

%

Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for. 
Complexity is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for. 
    -- Chris Sacca

%

  As personal choice, we tend not to use debuggers beyond getting a
  stack trace or the value of a variable or two. One reason is that it
  is easy to get lost in details of complicated data structures and
  control flow; we find stepping through a program less productive
  than thinking harder and adding output statements and self-checking
  code at critical places. Clicking over statements takes longer than
  scanning the output of judiciously-placed displays. It takes less
  time to decide where to put print statements than to single-step to
  the critical section of code, even assuming we know where that
  is. More important, debugging statements stay with the program;
  debugging sessions are transient.

        -- Brian Kernighan and Rob Pike, "The Practice of Programming"

%

Both bridges accomplish daring feats, but Maillart's possesses the added
virtue of making its achievement look effortless- and because we sense it
isn't, we wonder at it and admire it all the more. The bridge is endowed
with a subcategory of beauty we can refer to as elegance, a quality present
whenever a work of architecture succeeds in carrying out an act of
resistance -- holding, spanning, sheltering -- with grace and economy as 
well as strength; when it has the modesty not to draw attention to the
difficulties it has surmounted.
    -- Alain de Botton, "The Architecture of Happiness"

%

The fundamental unit of a computer program is not a function; it's whatever
 that I think solves my problem most elegantly. I only have to
make sure that it can be translated (preferably automatically) into a
language that the repetitive CPU brain can understand.

    -- Heinrich Apfelmus, paraphrasing Luke Palmer

%

I have never read the Church-Turing thesis as "C is Turing complete, so you
might as well use C for all your programming tasks". I read it almost the
opposite way: "choose whatever language you want, because I can always write
an interpreter for your language in my language". Isn't it great that we are
able to choose between the uneasy handwaving of Perl and the frustrating
precision of Agda?

    -- Luke Palmer

%

The code should tell you how...the comments should tell you why...
-- Richard E

%

XML is like violence. If it isn't working for you, you're not using 
enough of it. :) -- Mikeage

%

On two occasions I have been asked, "Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the
machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?" In one case a member
of the Upper, and in the other a member of the Lower House put this question.
I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could
provoke such a question.

-- Charles Babbage

%

Approaches To Process:

Alas, I cannot make the same positive statement with regard to process:
there exists considerable diversity in thought over how the object-oriented
project should conduct its business. To that end, I roughly divide the
object-oriented world into five somewhat overlapping schools of philosophy
regarding process:

  * The anarchists, who largely ignore process and prefer to be left 
    alone with their computers.
  * The behaviorists, whose focus is upon identifying and then evolving 
    roles and responsibilities.
  * The storyboarders, who see the world in terms of scenarios.
  * The information modelers, who focus on data and treat behavior as
    secondary.
  * The architects, who focus upon frameworks (both building and using 
    them).

        -- Grady Booch, "The Macro Process"

%

Haskell was developed by Isaac Newton in the 15th Century as a tool to
help his investigations into the Alchemic arts. It was rediscovered in
the 1980s by three Cambridge undergraduates who were browsing through
Newton's laboratory notebooks looking for smutty jokes in the margins,
and has since developed into an elaborate joke perpetrated by elite
computer scientists who believe that predictable order of execution is
contrary to natural law. The current version of Haskell is Haskell 1714,
which adds syntactic sugar for Zygohistomorphic Premorphisms to the
original language definition of 1693.
    -- Jeremy O'Donoghue

%

I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not
have C++ in mind.
    -- Alan Kay

%

The simplest thing that we can do right now is to rethink how we
document libraries. Automatic documentation tools like Javadoc and Rdoc
are good for producing thick stacks of paper, but not so hot at actually
telling library users the things they need to know. They are the source
of most of the world's "newRecordAddedHook is called when a new record
is added" documentation. They can be useful, but they are no substitute
for actually writing about the library: single-page summaries that
answer the three key questions: what the library does, why you should
use it, and how to do so. For bonus points, the one-page summary should
avoid using the word "enterprise" (unless it's a library of Star Trek
ships) and "innovative."

    -- Mike Taylor, "Tangled Up in Tools"

%

But defensive programming is a double-edged swordfrom the point of view of
debugging, it just makes our lives harder. It transforms what would otherwise
be simple and obvious bugs into bugs that are obscure, difficult to detect,
and difficult to diagnose. We may want our software to be as robust as
possible in production, but its much easier to debug fragile software that
falls over immediately when a bug manifests.

A common example is the almost universal for loop idiom, in which, instead of
writing this:

    for (i = 0; i != iteration_count; ++i)
      Body of loop

we write the following defensive version:

    for (i = 0; i < iteration_count; ++i)
      Body of loop

In almost all cases, both loops behave identically, iterating from zero to
iteration_count - 1. So, why do so many of us automatically write the second,
not the first?

The reason is because if the body of the loop happens to assign to i so that
it becomes larger than iteration_count, the first version of our loop wont
terminate. By using < in our test instead of !=, we can guarantee that the
loop will terminate if this happens.

The problem with this is that if the loop index does become larger than
iteration_count, it almost certainly means that the code contains a bug. And
whereas with the first version of the code we would immediately notice that it
did (because the software hung inside an infinite loop), now it may not be at
all obvious. It will probably bite us at some point in the future and be very
difficult to diagnose.

    -- paul_butcher on Lambda the Ultimate (node 4147)

%

wren ng thornton says:
February 19, 2011 at 12:01 am

Computer languages seem to evolve on a much slower scale since their
semantics are firmly grounded in their interpretation by silicone, but
if you look at the evolution of programming languages over the years you
will see the same pattern of development that occurs when pidgins become
creolized, when natural language moves from cuneiform record keeping to
the age of mass publication, or when children learn language in
general a movement away from concatenative sorts of structure and
towards term-based structures, as well as the development of pervasive
structural moods and morphologies which are holistically integrated and
intuitively understandable rather than ad-hoc and inexplicable.

Id be hesitant to call the old languages like assembler, Fortran, or
Cobol languages in the colloquial sense and not a technical or
metaphorical sense. But more modern languages like Haskell and Perl
resemble natural language far more than theyre given credit for. One
of the problematic issues here is that there are some very old
discourses at stake here, both for and against the idea of
programming/computer/mathematical languages as languages; and
unfortunately, I think some of the past advocates for the idea have done
more damage to its reputation than the critics (because those advocates
are typically more interested in mathematizing natural language than in
languagifying mathematical formalisms).

%

Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations, 18:

Do not be troubled by the fact that languages (2) and (8) consist only
of orders. If you want to say that this shews them to be incomplete,
ask yourself whether our language is complete;---whether it was so
before the symbolism of chemistry and the notation of the
infinitesimal calculus were incorporated in it; for these are, so to
speak, suburbs of our language. (And how many houses or streets does
it take before a town begins to be a town?) Our language can be seen
as an ancient city: a
maze of little streets and squares, of old and new houses, and of
houses with additions from various periods; and this surrounded by a
multitude of new boroughs with straight regular streets and uniform
houses.

%

I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice
in the death of one, not even an enemy.  Returning hate for hate
multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of
stars.  Darkness cannot drive out darkness:  only light can do that.
Hate cannot drive out hate:  only love can do that.

    -- anonymous (probably a misquote of Martin Luther King, Jr.)

%

  WADLER'S LAW OF LANGUAGE DESIGN
  In any language design, the total time spent discussing
  a feature in this list is proportional to two raised to
  the power of its position.
       0. Semantics
       1. Syntax
       2. Lexical syntax
       3. Lexical syntax of comments

%

Why should we love our enemies?  The first reason is fairly obvious.
Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a
night already devoid of stars.  Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only
light can do that.  Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Hate multiplies hate, violence multiplies violence, and toughness
multiplies toughness in a descending spiral of destruction.  So when
Jesus says 'Love your enemies,' he is setting forth a profound and
ultimately inescapable admonition.  Have we not come to such an impasse
in the modern world that we must love our enemies - or else? The chain
reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars -
must be broken or we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of
annihilation.

    -- Martin Luther King, Jr.

%

Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in
the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it,
how will you ever debug it?

    -- Brian Kernighan

%

In any case, I think it is ethically indefensible to procrastinate in
doing something good just in case you might miss an opportunity to do
something perfect later.
    -- Brent Yorgey

%

<NihilistDandy> Is there anything the Cafe doesn't talk about at some point? :D
<Botje> monad slash fiction.
<merijn> New life goal!
<NihilistDandy> Botje: Oh, baby, let's do it applicative style
<merijn> Slowly the IO monad traced its fingers across State, I'll show you what I can 
         fmap into you...
<NihilistDandy> Ooh, unsafePerformIO, unsafePerformIO

%

<ciaranm> i like how google+ automatically groups friends who have similar tastes in 
          deviant porn together for you

%

Why can a man never starve in the Great Desert? Because he can eat the
sand which is there. But what brought the sandwiches there? Why, Noah
sent Ham, and his descendants mustered and bred.

    -- Richard Whately

%

I like to think of it in terms of the following fairy tale. Long ago,
if you were a shepherd and wanted to see if two finite sets of sheep
were isomorphic, the most obvious way would be to look for an
isomorphism. In other words, you would try to match each sheep in herd A
with a sheep in herd B. But one day, along came a shepherd who invented
decategorification. This person realized you could take each set and
"count" it, setting up an isomorphism between it and some set of
"numbers", which were nonsense words like "one, two, three, four,..."
specially designed for this purpose. By comparing the resulting numbers,
you could see if two herds were isomorphic without explicitly
establishing an isomorphism!

According to this fairy tale, decategorification started out as the
ultimate stroke of mathematical genius. Only later did it become a
matter of dumb habit, which we are now struggling to overcome through
the process of "categorification".

    -- John Baez
    [ http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/week99.html#tale ]

%

The logical calculus is easier to execute than any of the 
techniques of mathematics itself, yet only in 1934 did Gerhard Gentzen set it 
out in a natural way. Even now, mathematics students are expected to learn 
complicated (e- d)-proofs in analysis with no help in understanding the 
logical structure of the arguments. Examiners fully deserve the garbage that 
they get in return.
        -- Paul Taylor

%

There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things and off-by-one errors.

%

S       .
